maybe your Help Wanted sign outside are
you know restaurant or fast food place
will you know bring more customers I
just hope this place stays in business
Wendy's is us is one of the good places
I mean boss yeah well you know I was
cleaning the windows and I saw this girl
throw something at the Help Wanted sign
and now i think it's like all messed up
coo coo coo good our guys are I'll sit
here hey Rona hey up everything in a
paper for the Help Wanted sign no not
really I gotta go work though you know
take out ok right now have a good time
oh ok ok hello is anybody here hello
what's your name I'm Georgia Georgia
hurry up I came for the application oh
ok or pellet stove that there's an
application fill it out and what what
God the boss comes back like you know
later ok ok business is going really
slow hello hello hello alvar how are you
I'm here for Wendy's to eat ok um ok let
me set you down
what would you like to drink mmm I would
like a shake please chocolate milkshake
yes please okay come on Lou hi there are
you the boss yuppers I came to the job
application okay you're hired you'll be
working on pick up when they like you
know pick it up oh yeah don't walk on
the pedal will go to boo okay Rona yeah
I need you to UM help Jimmy run the
table okay oh where is more people when
you need them here is your psyche can I
get you anything else not right now okay
this is really slow wonder why hello
there i'ma bike to buy um um look at the
menu Wow apple pie um what do you have
uh we have a lot of things would you
like well since I'm onna you know fish
diet I think I've read online I'm gonna
take the sardine
in a cup or can neither and that thing
you know that they call me you know what
I'm talking about sweetie pie don't you
yeah I totally do just wait right there
I mean tell me my people guys we need a
sardine okay it's coming right now there
you go Thanks here's your um sardine oh
my god a chair um is there anything
wrong no what here's your sardines power
hurt listen I'm gonna ask for a new
chair that once well first a new chair
boss George you I needed you okay yeah
you're in that challenge here is your
new or additional Shire okay thanks I'm
gonna leave this place thanks why what
come back
o meter listen people we need to step
our game up okay I am gonna make free
things okay um hey ago excuse me be
continued